I'm alone the Goomba stuck between two
pipes SR play this game boy for the best
of my life how is it but a couch no one
likes getting so many games I mean who
even lights books even cat no one I'm
quite widely so these are bit over twice
but did you know but there's a gameboy
Butchie game probably not not to dis for
Gameboy poor if the console versions
were shit I don't have much open this
one well Bob see not making a good
impression here you can't even be asked
to face for god damn screen yeah yeah I
know trying to look cool well you're
don't there's nothing cool about being
rude and them you've got like AK which
in your leg or something I'd get fat
checked out if I was you
anyway let's start level one drummed out
of town I don't get it and what just
happened
level one again drummed out of town note
to self don't hit that B button I'm
loving these plain black backgrounds by
the way really fits the tone of a game I
mean who need backgrounds not me this
should have caught song with more games
really wario land 4 more like Wario Land
boring background BAM
much better Spyro seasonal flame more
like spyro seasonal lame backgrounds BAM
now we're talking Bomberman more like
bomber man nice background Alain one
gave off a year despite failing tome Lee
book she tries to distance itself from
other vibe or platform games Sonic can
get hit as long as you have wings
Mario can live as long as you're big in
bubbly he just dies or a number of
fucking feels like it so a few minutes
in and I already have a lot of questions
such as why do these things have weird
sad bird faces why are these platforms
bouncy
what are these enemies supposed to be
where the hell am i well I can actually
answer that last one where drummed out
of town anyway leaves are piece of shit
level is over on the plus side it can
only get better from here
level two is it a bird well no it's
clearly not too bad it's a cat flying a
fighter plane I mean really how does
that look like a bird what was you
thinking man gonna be careful these days
you never know when you're gonna get
gunned down by cats flying a plane I
said you never know when you're gonna
get gunned down by a cat flying a plane
what you can't animate that you're too
lazy oh okay I see what about a copy
Photoshop yeah yeah okay yeah do that
oh no cut going to shoot me oh so
whenever you get hit you turn around
doesn't really make sense but I'll go
with it only problem is how the fuck do
you turn back oh no all my precious
progress ruined turns out you're to
press the select button to turn around
select in what kind of fucked-up world
do you press the select button to turn
around on a Game Boy game so soon and
often reach a big wall there is nowhere
to go so I guess I'll attack this blimp
with pies cuz that'll work what didn't
you know
pies are the most efficient way to
destroy anything these days anyway turns
out you can go through the wall yeah
this is actually a hole but you don't
come out the other side oh no that'll
make way too much Center this game
instead you go flying to over Gotham
side of a map basically the whole game
is to Shree level things over and over
and over a musical one a flying one and
an Egyptian one which I can't be asked
to show and we all have plain black
backgrounds but then the final boss
sneaks up on us now this is how you make
a final boss just jump on his head again
and again in it wait a minute what's
this a background could it be a
background in this game oh my god
and that war went on to improve lights
of his or it traveled the world saving
lives curing diseases and even
destroying the Dark Lord Cthulhu with
the Dark Lord if eated four-wall was
able to save all the dimensions all the
worlds and even the universe itself
after doing this the war decided to
travel the world teaching each
generation way of building a wall
correctly a war must be sturdy a war
must be tall and most of all each brick
laid must be laid with the same amount
of love and care as for one before it
and this is why we all owe our lives to
this brick wall god bless you war god
bless